Documentation for the Java Console-Based E-Commerce Platform
User Documentation
About the Application
The Java Console-Based E-Commerce Platform is a command-line application simulating a marketplace where users can register as Buyers, Sellers, or Admins. Users can log in to perform specific actions based on their role, including product management, browsing, and administrative functions.

Class Descriptions
User:

Base class representing all users.
Attributes: id, username, password, email, role.
Inherited by Buyer, Seller, and Admin.
Buyer:

Inherits from User.
Can browse products, search by name, and view product details.
Seller:

Inherits from User.
Can add, update, and delete products, and view their product listings.
Admin:

Inherits from User.
Can view all users and products, delete users, and manage platform data.
Product:

Represents items available for sale.
Attributes: id, name, price, quantity, sellerId.
DAO (Data Access Objects):

Interfaces to interact with the PostgreSQL database (e.g., UserDAO, ProductDAO).
Service Classes:

Handle business logic for users and products (e.g., UserService, ProductService).
How to Start the Application
Clone the repository from GitHub.
Set up the PostgreSQL database (refer to Development Documentation for details).
Compile and run the project using javac and java commands.
Start the application from the console and follow on-screen instructions.
Class Diagram
(To be inserted: A UML diagram showing associations between User, Product, Buyer, Seller, Admin, and DAO classes.)

Development Documentation
Source Code Directory Structure
src/
├── models/            # Entity classes (User, Product, etc.)
├── dao/               # DAO interfaces and implementations
├── service/           # Business logic services
├── ui/                # Console-based menu system
├── resources/         # Configuration files (database properties, etc.)
└── main.java          # Main entry point for the application
Build Process

Repository Access
Clone the repository using the following command:
git clone <repository_url>
Deployment Documentation
Installation Steps
Pre-Requisites:

Java Development Kit (JDK) installed.
PostgreSQL installed and configured.
Setting Up Dependencies:

Download the required libraries (BCrypt and PostgreSQL JDBC driver).
Place the JAR files in the lib/ directory.
Database Configuration:

Set up the database as described in the Development Documentation.

Running the Application:
Launch the console interface.
Register as a new user and log in to access the platform features.
